We're running seven marathons on all
seven continents back to back in one
week. And this is marathon number three.
Australia. As soon as we got off the
plane from Antarctica,
I'm not going back there. we walked
across the tarmac to board a different
plane to Perth, Australia. But the cool
thing about this plane is that [music]
it's a private jet. We just got off the
plane from Antarctica and we have
[music] boarded our jet that we're going
to live on for the next six days.
The Australian marathon started strong
and everyone was in good spirits.
Marathon number three. Let's go.
Until the fatigue from Antarctica set
in. Going from -20° C
to 34° C
was a huge shock to the system.
And many of us started to struggle.
Also, be warned, Perth has a fly
infestation. The damn flies. They keep
going in my mouth. But the thing that
helped turn it around was meeting Dan.
What's your name? Michelle. Michelle,
I'm Dan. This is Dan.
>> [music]
>> He's running to show his grandkids they
don't need to have fear of failure.
>> Dan, have you done this before?
This is my first time.
I'll be 83 next week. Wait, so this is
your birthday?
>> Yeah, almost.
But thanks to some inspiration [music]
from Dan, I finished the Australian
marathon in 5 hours and 55 minutes.
Tomorrow we race our fifth marathon in
Abu Dhabi. Follow to see how that goes.